Hello everybody.
Welcome back.
Today we're going to create the histograms of each friend Mary feels so that we can get a nice new husband
these distributed and we can get Again a good sense of what I will emphasize in these projects.
Every aspect of our model which extremely You build many models you realize the process we're building
is there throughout.
But what changes is the EPA what changes is how it is structured.
So we're going to put a lot of emphasis now to begin.
First we're going to get a new leader said too in which we drop all the columns that are not good or
we don't care about building historians in this case we're going to drop columns.
You sir.
Geez.
Are you ready to fire again.
We don't care about this but call it we're going to drop church which is our response for great.
So let's run this.
Great.
So we dropped it not listed below.
As you remember in the previous videos for the initial project we built a for loop to plot every single
histogram do what we each were going to do the same here and we're going to leverage that code that
we use in the last three years.
So here we go.
This is the same code except that a couple is having me for our particular needs.
So we begin with plotting the figure of Jesus Fieldy figure is the figure size couple inches.
Then we build a supertitles cheese using the subtitle function with that histograms and the make calls
again what it is and then iterate over each of the cops.
So these columns are supposed to start at 1 and we go all the way to the number of columns plus one
because as you remember piking indexes always keep us in there with block that particular column which
we're in at the moment in a six five five meetings.
Of course this is going to have six rows and five cops maybe six rows of plants in five column supply.
So they went up to 30 plus minutes each.
So this won't work here because we were working with around 30 cones a little bit.
So we figured we've built the GCA then we get rid of the widebodies pretty much the Y level levels for
each column because we don't want to overwhelm the block.
And then when 13 then we get each individual platform pile which is achieved by selecting the columns.
We need it to call the values and of course indexing that particular column though working with the
time.
Finally we use the boss the boss Mirable that we're created here so that we create as many things as
we want.
In each circle.
So we're going to use just an item in four minutes and then we increase that we query all the rows for
that particular column which we are at the moment we apply unique so that we only isolate the unique
values of the row composed of the whole.
And we tell piping how those policies the list of files in that's how many beans are e-cigarettes we
great.
And then finally we splot with BLT that his is to.
We get that call that we want.
We give the veins we create it and we select this color.
I've selected three five the seven The is one they prefer because it looks nice but you can select the
final step is the letter because it's possible that on your particular screen the plaques may be a little
bit put together because of your resolution.
Things look different with this rectangle function that tightly.
You can use a rectangle size for each sampler and then everything's going to fit perfectly in Athens
with overlap.
Does the reason the right side to avoid overlap not the dimensions of this particular plot and also
the figure size the originally 8.
It's very depending on your particular in his own mind this will work if they don't work when your string
playing around with numbers and they're working years.
So not that's right and see what we have here.
Excellent.
Here we go.
So we have the blocks that we first look at the top then there is the H-block and the distribution of
H but seems to be pretty right.
But it is fake everybody is about 8 years old because that's what you need to be to strike that particular
product.
You have a distribution that is right.
Because the majority of the people don't use these services.
So this is not the house housing it is to buy or ownership of housing renting them housing and undisclosed.
We see that your people are not owners.
That's a good amount of them are renters and most of them are unclassified.
Now for deposits we drawers in purchases here on the right we see that is true you should be very right.
That tells us that the majority of people happy zero value.
We know deposits that we're working with is usually for the first couple of months of rocks.
So in the first couple of months activity could be low.
And then once the person has trusted the system for many many months maybe they will start it possibly
more we join more and so forth.
Also the engagement of the product may not be shown by the positive withdrawals shown by how people
use it.
Now as you think it is telling us that we don't have that in 0 or 1.
So this is not to be here.
Would you recommend that a lot of them have been recommended a lot of different screens.
So it's a little more evenly distributed
forces see this like they might already have 0 or 1.
The same forces elect 0 or 1 seems to be the majority here.
Is or can we here for SEE application that we see a lot more spread and distribution because it is more
often the case that people in.
Now we're we're moving next.
Is this fine copies the columns.
Well there's only two bars in the plot.
This means that there's only two values either 0 or 1.
I've downloaded is mostly one.
Very few have not downloaded the app for the following You can see similar distributions.
One Hounsou are built than the one and so and so or so to see them better.
We're going to do it.
I tend to visualize the percentages.
From here we can see the distributions but it's not too many.
It's the fact that they are binary versions.
So we know what to expect and we can see some of them have very extreme distributions and we're going
to use those two explorative as well because we've got to make sure that for example like this one right
here where we got to make sure that one is not so big such that the small population doesn't have both
the response variable options either will want to move in the next video.
For now we should only focus on the ones which have many categories for example register phones.
The majority of people are going to have one phone registered meaning that they have this big party
here and some of them will have to.
Very few of them have three in almost none of them are for for payment type.
We can see that bi weekly is by far the most common one and it is very common to have bi weekly or for
people nowadays monthly seems to be kind of rare but it is really just the same for everybody else except
for weekly Weekly has a higher bar as well.
So these two are obviously the most popular ones.
These are more binary ones.
Now we have so exciting so exciting is even distribution because there's not and still is that out one
month or one set of Days is going to have a lot more children.
The other by here we see that Capricorn is not so highly represented.
So we can maybe do some exploration for them but it's just interesting to see.
So in the next video we're going to focus on the actual pie chart to see the distribution of these binary
variables and remember that the point of this entire image is for you to get a feeling to feel that
the feeling of how it is that you will do what you can expect which ones look fishy and which you should
explore a little more which areas are very even which fields are not.
So right now we see that there's a lot of binary ones and the distributions have happened to be for
the most part are right skewed way the majority of them be concentrated in the first couple of elements
of it in the next week we're going to go into the title for this by.
And then we're going to continue that after that.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next week.